- Sagat Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Sagat? 

 A : Sagat is my top favorite fighting game character ever. That just about says enough. His backstory, his
     appearance, and of course his immense and overwhelming dominance in all of the games he has appeared
     in appeals to me a lot, and he's also my main in CvS2, which is my favorite fighting game of all time.


 Q : What's his playstyle like? How do you play him?

 A : Sagat plays exactly like he does in CvS2. Utilize his standing and crouching hard punch a lot, as they
     are very useful when far away. His zoning is on another level. Make use of his tiger shots, as they will
     definitely help keep the opponent away. On top of that, his Tiger Knee is a great mix-up tool, and his
     Tiger Uppercut is a devastating anti-air. Play footsies, and when the opponent is close, Sagat is just
     as deadly. He has good frame data on all his moves, and while his combo potential is incredibly limited,
     his pop-offs are just incredibly insane in terms of damage.


 Q : What is "EX Sagat?" What does he do? Is he even that good?

 A : EX Sagat is just a joke mode. EX Sagat is also known as Old Sagat. This means he has no EX specials, no supers, and
     some of his new specials are also removed. He keeps his normals the same, and his King's Clutch throw is removed.
     Essentially, he plays exactly like his boss appearance in SF2. His specials are all buffed, and he deals insane
     damage. Compared to normal Sagat, they are pretty dead even since normal Sagat has more tools and options, while
     Old Sagat has less tools, but the ones he does have are incredibly powerful.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 LP xx LP, MP xx Tiger Shot

 LP xx cr.MK xx Tiger Uppercut

 a.HK, Close HP xx Tiger Uppercut

 LP xx cr.LP xx LP xx Tiger Knee

 cr.LP xx LP xx cr.MK xx Tiger Cannon


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, Tiger Shot (repeated), Tiger Cannon

 Install, Tiger Uppercut (repeated), Tiger Genocide


 = CREDITS =

  DivineWolf - SFF

  M206 - Custom Sagat Sprites

  Inktrebuchet - SF3 Style Victory Portrait

  KarmaCharizard & Trololo & RagingRowen - Feedback